When Chuck Norris was a baby he farted for the first time, scientists say this is when the big bang occured.
After Chuck Norris was born, he drove his Mother home from the hospital.
Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. The problem is that he has never cried.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris mines bitcoin with a pickaxe.
Chuck Norris’ trash throws itself out.
When a building is on fire and Chuck Norris walks in, the Chuck Norris alarm rings.
Chuck Norris used to wash his clothes in the ocean, but it caused too many tsunamis.
Chuck Norris doesn’t go hunting because the “hunting” implies that you might not succeed. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris can charge a cell phone by rubbing it against his beard.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man so hard that it was felt by his ancestors.
Chuck Norris has counted to infinity twice.
Chuck Norris can clap with only one hand.
Chuck Norris used to beat up his shadow because it was constantly too close. Now it stands a safe 30 feet behind him.
Chuck Norris was able to smell a gas leak before the scent of gas was added.
Chuck Norris once played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and still won.
Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
The Dead Sea was alive until Chuck Norris swam there.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack and his heart lost.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn’t dodge Chuck Norris’ roundhouse kick.
When Chuck Norris is in Rome, the Romans must do as he does.
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now known as the Islands.
Chuck Norris doesn’t like climbing trees. Instead, he just pushes them over and walks on them.
Chuck Norris’ calendar goes right from the 31st of March to April 2nd. No one can fool Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once hit a huge rock with his golf club. This created the Moon.
Chuck Norris doesn’t breathe air. He breathes fear.
Chuck Norris is the reason that Wally hides.
Chuck Norris can have both feet on the ground and kick butt at the same time.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
The sun needs sunglasses when Chuck Norris looks at it.
When Chuck Norris does push ups, the earth moves. This is called an earthquake.
Chuck Norris once ordered a steak in a restaurant. The steak obeyed his every command.
Chuck Norris is so tough, sometimes his sandwiches stay in the air when he drops them.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris underwear.
Chuck Norris uses pepper spray on his steaks to add flavor.
Outer space exists because it’s afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was once bitten by a poisonous snake. And after a month of excruciating pain, the snake died.
Chuck Norris uses pepper spray as a seasoning on his meat.
If Chuck Norris was on The Titanic the iceberg would have avoided the ship.
They wanted to put Chuck Norris on Mount Rushmore, but his beard was too tough for the granite.
If paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, then Chuck Norris can beat all of them at the same time.
Chuck Norris is so powerful that he can slam a revolving door.
Tornadoes are created when Chuck Norris punches the wind.
The Flash learned how to run at the speed of light when he discovered Chuck Norris was looking for him.
There is no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he simply turned up the sun.
Santa Claus was real before he forgot to bring a gift for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can make onions cry.
Chuck Norris never retreats. He simply attacks in the opposite direction.
If Chuck Norris were to travel to an alternate dimension and meet another Chuck Norris, they would both win in a fight